hello sir what is your name Aaron Jones
Aaron what are you doing out here at
this kingwood takes us better celebrate
freedom I represent the American Way
over single-serve authorization we're
getting about Christian faith tradition
ass this is essentially
now let me ask you this we were speaking
a bit earlier and you thought that our
current president was one of the worst
presidents in the country's history why
do you believe that well his record
speaks for itself he's very radical
radical in chi
on-demand America
and his middle name
leslyn which means that he's most likely
anti-israel with our being
Mayo Christian conservative organization
he's against is
use against users God we serve
so you do not believe that Miss that
President Obama is a Christian number
one and do you think that it matters
whether he is or not
whichever the crowd he needs to satisfy
now you're a member of the tea party
correct yes sir I represent our support
RC park now do you feel at all alienated
within the tea party as a black man no
sir I'm ingratiating what do you mean by
that is the confirmation was all about
America do you do you feel that there is
that the tea party at any time has ever
displayed any form of racism whether to
you or towards anyone else how do you
team party since I have attempted now
some races to display now do you think
that they are representative of all
people they represent America what does
that mean exactly American matrix does
love family and one
you believe that we should go to war in
Syria then you're
a thing as you
so you consider Muslims your enemy now
they can see us there in again you acted
you still feel an unbeliever
so you believe fall gate everyone all
Nana Muslim they were subjugate you I'm
feeling you up number were you always a
conservative absolutely now how long
have you been in the tea party since
they begun we begun by the same time
2009 now what church you go to sir
Southpark Baptist Church and also these
a second captains have captain's turn
south park baptist church isn't a very
conservative church that was not but I'm
needed there to bring conservatism to
the table
well mr. Johnson thank you very much
thank you sir
you